# Blurb
## FPGA Role
I am excited to refer my former classmate and new graduate engineer, Kunal Chandan, for the FPGA Engineering role. Kunal has demonstrated an excellent academic and professional background due to having completed a diverse array of internships, including a standout role in the firmware development of a custom ASIC at Groq Inc. He has strong communication skills and would be a great addition to any team.

I would like to refer my former classmate Kunal for the FPGA engineering role. He has developed and deployed several personal FPGA design projects, with his favorite being a Pipelined RISC-V core started as part of a school project. During university, Kunal completed multiple research assistantships and internships, allowing him to bring a diverse background including extensive software, scripting and lab testing experience to this role in addition to a foundation in digital hardware. He is looking to jump into FPGA design in an industry role and use his varied past experiences to contribute to the team.

I would like to refer my former classmate Kunal for the Software Development Engineer 3 role. Kunal has demonstrated a strong background in software development in a wide variety of applications through his internships and personal projects. Previous research assistantship experience has also focused on causal failure investigations in autonomous vehicles. His current position as a Compliance Test Automation Engineer is highly relevant to the role. He writes production software for interfacing with a wide variety of lab equipment and production devices while maintaining compliance with safety standards.

I would like to refer my former classmate Kunal for the Verification Tools role. He has developed and deployed several personal FPGA design projects, with his favorite being a Pipelined RISC-V core started as part of a school project. During university, Kunal completed multiple research assistantships and internships, allowing him to bring a diverse background including extensive software, scripting and lab testing experience to this role in addition to a foundation in digital hardware. He is looking to jump into verification in an industry role and use his varied past experiences to contribute to the team.

I would like to refer my former classmate Kunal for the Hardware Engineer role. He has developed a strong understanding of hardware design and test through a variety of internships and full-time experience. He has developed hardware on his own like a beamforming hearing aid and works in electrical compliance now at Enphase Energy. He is looking to enter a role where he can make a bigger impact especially towards the future of transportation.